Feat/multiple map instances (#108)
ubilabs/google-maps-react-hooks: examples/multiple-google-maps/README.md

# Multiple Google Maps Setup Example

This is an example setup to show the usage of **multiple Google Maps instances** with the Google Maps React Hooks library.

## Instructions

To run this project, clone the Google Maps React Hooks repository locally.

First go to the root of the repository and run

```shell
npm install
```

once to install all dependencies.

Then start this example locally with

```shell
npm run start:multiple-maps-example
```

**NOTE**:
To see the examples it is needed to add an `.env` file with a [Google Maps API key](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/embed/get-api-key#:~:text=Go%20to%20the%20Google%20Maps%20Platform%20%3E%20Credentials%20page.&text=On%20the%20Credentials%20page%2C%20click,Click%20Close.) in the following format:

```
GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY="<YOUR API KEY HERE>"
```

An example can be found in `.env.example`.

## Output

> The project will start at [localhost:1234](http://localhost:1234) and show a basic Google Map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project will start at [localhost:1234](http://localhost:1234) and show multiple Google Map instances.
```
